Update the workaroud of retaining sb file (#508)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

_Available as of v1.2.0_

> This setting lets you define the support bundle's default timeout duration in minutes. The support bundle is marked with failure due to `time out` when it does not finish all the data collecting and file packing tasks in this given duration, and will not continue or retry. Use `0` to disable the timeout feature.

Author: For `Harvester is unable to continue or retry support bundle generation processes`, it is not `unable to continue`, but just `actively stop to continue`.

_Available as of v1.3.0_

> This setting allows you to define the number of minutes Harvester waits before deleting a support bundle that has been packaged but not downloaded, failed to download or retained. The minimum value is `30`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to define the number of minutes Harvester waits before deleting a support bundle that has been packaged but not downloaded (either deliberately or unsuccessfully). The minimum value is `30`.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we sure mention the "retained" part because it might confuse users. If something is marked for retention, why should the system automatically delete it?
